---
layout: info
title: Final Tournament Announcement
permalink: /finalannouncement/
---


Hi Coaches!


It’s been busy over here preparing for Golden Gate Science Olympiad. Our team of nearly 150 organizers, event supervisors, and volunteers are BEYOND excited to welcome you all to Berkeley’s campus.


This email has critical updates including a lot of day-of logistics, so **please read carefully.**


For last minute questions or concerns (Friday evening or during the day Saturday), your first point of contact is Kevin. He can be reached at 702-688-1405. 


**Food Regulation Reminder:** NO FOOD IS ALLOWED IN HOMEROOMS. We agree that this is a ridiculous and frustrating rule, but Berkeley’s Event Services has alerted us several times that custodians will be on patrol through our reserved areas. Similar student groups have faced fines on the order of **$5000** for violating this rule. We’re hoping for great weather on Saturday, so we recommend a nice lunch outside or encourage students to visit any of the many cafes highlighted in the maps on our website.


Please consider the homerooms as a place to study and store equipment, but not a place to eat. Custodians will be passing by rooms as well as checking trash cans. No food should be brought back to or disposed of in homerooms.


Unfortunately, we feel obligated to enforce this rule harshly, since a university violation would prevent future GGSO tournaments from being possible (and violating schools may share financial burden of any fines). Teams with food in their homerooms and trash cans face possible point deductions on their score and blacklisting from future GGSO events. We deeply apologize for this inconvenience but hope that it’s not too troublesome.


**Morning Check-in:** Please check in to receive your coaches packet (including last-minute information, maps, and student wristbands). Check-in will be run in the outside of Wheeler Hall at Wheeler plaza and will begin at 8:00AM.



**Campus Map:** We’re digital this year! Check out our all-inclusive map [here](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1mcrinzbQ5xZ24DlDjq8XIW4LAzxc4P3y&ll=37.86784800000002%2C-122.25735899999995&z=14) or on our website. Please share with your teams as well. Tap on locations to read more info or see what events are held there. For navigating between home rooms, events, and food locations, we recommend using Google Maps walking directions. Many said this was helpful at the tournament last year.


There are also printable maps of [events and homerooms](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b7bvhmWnOyOlwaneFFVTMCWVcRPunDPK/view), [food](http://goldengateso.com/doc/foodoptions.pdf), and [parking](http://goldengateso.com/doc/parkingmap.pdf).


Free wifi is available on campus (connect to CalVisitor).


**Homerooms:** See the [events and homerooms map](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b7bvhmWnOyOlwaneFFVTMCWVcRPunDPK/view) to check which homeroom your team has been assigned to. These open by 8:15am.


**Car Parking:** Please check for parking at any of the locations in the [parking map](http://goldengateso.com/doc/parkingmap.pdf). Note that some may require a daily fee.


**Awards Keynote:** We’re thrilled to announce this year’s keynote speaker at Awards: [Mark Rober](https://www.youtube.com/user/onemeeeliondollars/videos). He’s an ex-NASA engineer turned science YouTube star with nearly 3 million followers and over 90 million views on his most popular video. His content ranges from the [comical](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFVXsnq230c&t=176s) to the [incredible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHTizZ_XcUM), and he’s promised a fun talk.


**T-shirts [share with students]:** Last year there was huge demand for GGSO t-shirts that are otherwise reserved for volunteers. This year, we ordered some extra for competitors! The awesome new design was made in-house, and a limited number of shirts will be available for $15 in Wheeler Lobby during the tournament (cash or check only).


**Awards ceremony:** *We recognize this is a non-ideal set-up, but we’re excited to have a solution.* As mentioned in our previous update, turbulent events in Berkeley’s reservations system has relegated us to our backup awards plan. We’ve hired a professional AV team to live stream the awards ceremony to several rooms on campus. 


The awards ceremony will be hosted in three adjacent auditoria (connected by a single hallway in the same building). The central auditorium will hold 450 students (determined by team number). The two flanking auditoria will each hold 150 students. The central stage will be live streamed to the two flanking rooms. To maintain the suspense and excitement of a traditional awards ceremony, when each event is announced the top five teams will be shown in no particular order. Once they have all made it to the central stage (a less than 30 second walk), the ranking will be announced and medals awarded.


Due to the extremely tight seating, each team will be given EXACTLY 15 seats. The main 3 auditoria are VLSB 2040, 2050, 2060. Those seats will be given to entrants wearing or holding a wristband. This is a tight cap.


All extra seating will be available in Dwinelle 155. Seating here is first come first serve, and the ceremony will be live-streamed.


All doors open at 5:45.


**Remind 101 service [share with students]:** We use this text message remind service to send out critical day-of updates aimed primarily at coaches, but we encourage any students and parents to sign up to stay updated as well. Phone numbers are kept completely confidential by the website service, we promise not to send any updates after the tournament, and you can opt out at any time.

Instructions: **text @7794k3 to the number 81010**

**Latimer Labs and Soda labs:** Note that the schedule online now includes the location of labs for Chem Lab, Thermodynamics, Materials Science, Game On, and Forensics. Soda Labs will be locked during the day, but volunteers will be positioned at the door to let students in.


**Day schedule:** A general day schedule for the tournament has been posted online here.


**Phone number:** If any issues arise during check-in or during the tournament, please contact Kevin at 702-688-1405.


**Social Media [Share with Students]:** We’re online! We’ll be posting fun tournament photos, updates, and live stories throughout the day to our Snapchat (ggscioly) and Instagram (goldengatescioly) accounts. Check us out! 


ᐧ
