---
layout: info
title: Tests
permalink: /tests/
---

# Tests

Hello again from the Golden Gate Science Olympiad Team!

We were so pleased to have you join us for the third annual GGSO tournament this past weekend, and we want to offer a huge congratulations to all our coaches, competitors, spectators, and volunteers! Now that the tournament is over, we’d like to collect your thoughts about how it went: good, bad, annoying, wonderful. 

We ask that at least one coach and one student from each participating team fills out the feedback survey [here.](https://stanforduniversity.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cZIKMWx4q5Kop1z) **As soon as at least one student and one coach have completed this form**, a folder with the tests and score distributions will be shared with the team. **Tests will be publicly released March 9 on our website** so filling out the feedback early will give you a head start! (Plus we would really appreciate the chance to hear your thoughts).

We would also like to share with you the video you saw during the awards ceremony, linked [here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd4wJiqFvqU) Final scores can be found [here](/doc/results_2019.pdf) and photos will be posted there in the next two weeks. Rubrics for Wright Stuff will be released individually to competing teams soon as well.

There were also a few lost and found items we discovered throughout the day and during cleanup. They include a few pairs of goggles, calculators, and beakers. Please send us a message with more information if these items sounds like they belong to someone on your team. These items may be picked up from Berkeley or your team can pay the cost of shipping and we will get them to you that way. 

Again, we thank you and congratulate you on your achievements in STEM and Science Olympiad! We hope you will consider joining us again next year.

